Generally, the paper presents well the implementation of
Discrete Sliding mode control for UAS formation flight
under information constraints.
 
Some points 

Abstract
done -Correct the acronym: Predictive Discrete sliding mode
control :PDSMC
-In this paper, information constraint is because of
limited type of sensors in small UAS, which will give
relatively small information about the flight dyanamics of
the systems. But in the abstract the authors mentioned
about communication bandwidth constraints, which is not
addressed in the entire paper.

Section 1 
At description of the paper output at the end of  the
introduction part,  the statement that describe the DSMS,
PDSMS and TSCMS are too long and confusing. The authors are
stating that they will do a comparison between the above
sliding mode controllers, but it misses the point which
with which are going to be compared in the result section.

Section 3
-In section 3.1, the assumption in the information
constraint is that only relative position and relative
velocity vector is available to between each UAS and its
predecessor. But in the section 3.2, the authors stated, 
�relative position,&#8710;p_c, and its first and second
derivative is available to each follower� which contradicts
the first assumption.
-How valid is the point  when we consider the three axis
are decoupled by the inner load factor controller, better
to site some reference before proceeding to SISO design.
-Define T as sampling period in equation (40), in the Euler
discretization.
-In the Remark, use comma than hyphen to separate
explanation of a clause, it will increase the readability
and the flow of the ideas.

Section 4
-Better to use different colors in the simulation graphs.
-Tracking error in &#8710;z is stated as non negative in
equation (17), but in figure 5, and 7 we have a small
values above zero in the range of &#12310;10&#12311;^(-3), 
small amount. Is it out just a numerical error ? (just
being curious)
